Make release note clearer (#7129)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## March 2025

> - **Behavior change**: As of March 31st, 2025, dbt Core versions 1.0, 1.1, and 1.2 have been deprecated from dbt Cloud. They are no longer available to select as versions for dbt projects. Workloads currently on these versions will be automatically upgraded to v1.3, and may lead to new failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Behavior change**: As of March 31st, 2025, dbt Core versions 1.0, 1.1, and 1.2 have been deprecated from dbt Cloud. They are no longer available to select as versions for dbt projects. Workloads currently on these versions will be automatically upgraded to v1.3, which may cause new failures.
```
